Add --raw to allow specifying the raw request body without extra processing (#1062)
httpie/httpie: CHANGELOG.rst

`2.5.0-dev`_ (unreleased)
-------------------------
* Fixed ``--continue --download`` with a single byte to be downloaded left. (`#1032`_)

> * Added ``--request, -r`` to allow specifying the raw request body without extra processing whatsoever. (`#534`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ``--request, -r`` to allow specifying the raw request body without extra processing as an alternative to `stdin`. (`#534`_)
```

> * Added ``--request, -r`` to allow specifying the raw request body without extra processing as an alternative to `stdin`. (`#534`_)

Author: ```suggestion
* Added ``--request, -r`` to allow specifying the raw request body without extra processing as an alternative to ``stdin``. (`#534`_)
```
